# Bellybutton_Diversity_Challenge
Module 12 Challenge
## Overview
The purpose of this challenge was to explore the importance of data visualization to data analysis for communication of findings. To do this, JavaScript is used to create attractive, accessible and interactive data visualizations. The JavaScript data visualization library Plotly.js is used to provide the interactivity needed to increase the user's comprehension of the data, drawing the same conclusions the data analyst. To demonstrate this, a website was created that offers interactive analysis of a dataset containing information on the biodiversity of bacteria strains found in the human belly button. The hypothesis is that there is a bacterial strain found in the belly button that can synthesize the proteins necessary to make improbable beef grown in a lab taste like real beef. 
## Results
The resulting webpage allows the user to select a test subject id number from a dropdown list and various visualizations update based on the test subject. Demographic information including ethnicity, gender, location, etc are updated. In addition, a bar chart showing the Top 10 cultures found in that subject's bellybutton, a gauge chart showing the frequency of bellybutton washings, and a bubble chart showing the number of cultures per sample are all updated. Additional information about the bacteria cultures can also be displayed as the user hovers over the bar chart and bubble chart. 
Please click the following link to access the interactive bellybutton biodiversity webpage. [ https://jeremykray.github.io/Bellybutton_Diversity_Challenge/](https://jeremykray.github.io/Bellybutton_Diversity_Challenge/)
